W-10646445-AAV-2702-viz-info (#213)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/app-dashboards.adoc

[[application-network]]
== Application Network

The *Application Network* tab displays only if you have a Titanium subscription and have set up Anypoint Visualizer.

> Setup requirements change based on your app deployment. Some deployment types require you to enable header injection or modify how data is collected. For more information, see the documentation for each deployment type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setup requirements change based on your app deployment. Some deployment types require you to enable header injection or modify how [Visualizer??] collects data. For more information, see the documentation for each deployment type:
```
